# Contribute to DataPack Planet
✨🎉 Hi, welcome, new contributor!  🎉✨

Thanks for taking time to contribute us! The following tutorial will guide you through the contribution.

## Contents
- [How to contribute](#how-to-contribute)
  - [Ask a question](#ask-a-question)
  - [Report a bug](#report-a-bug)
  - [Feature request](#feature-request)
  - [Localisation](#localisation)
  - [Pull request](#pull-request)
- [Styleguide](#styleguide)
  - [JS & TS](#javascript-typescript-and-jsx-tsx)

## How to contribute
### Ask a question
If you want to ask a question, please do **not** summit an issue. 
You should ask in `#Q&A` of Discussion.

### Report a bug
For report a bug, please report it in issue.
Please describe your question clearly and fill in more information as you can, that will help us understand what is happened.

We will review and resolve issue as we can. If you can resolve it, you can check *I'd like to work for this issue*.

### Feature request
If you're having an idea, you can describe it in Discussion.

If you're requesting a feature, submit a new issue. Choose *Feature request* template instead *Bug report*

### Localisation
Doesn't see your country in the language list? You can contribute to us.
The locale files is in `/src/locale` folder. Copy the `en-us.ts` file 
and rename to your own language with intl locale provider.
When you do all those done, translate the string on the right side of the colon.

**Note:** Do not use Google Translate and make sure the translation identifiers are completed.

### Pull request
If you use GitHub often, you should already known how to start a pull request, But remember to follow [styleguide](#styleguide) please!

If you do not understand what this is, follow the GitHub Docs.

If you start a pull request, please make sure that your code will pass the check.
When you are sure your code has not any problem, write the reason in pull request body.

## Styleguide
### JavaScript, TypeScript and JSX, TSX
Code lint is using eslint.\
ProTip: This is just a suggestion. Even we may not be able to fully comply. 

- There should be a space **after** comma (`,`).
- There should be a space **after** type qualifier (`:`).
- There should be a space **before/after** operator (e.g.: `+`, `-`, `=`).
- There should be a semicolon(`;`) in the end of each call or assignment statement.
- Using single quote instead double quote.
- No non assignment or call statement appears.
- JSX single-line value references should have space **before/after** the value.
- import/export should have space in the **start/end** of the curly-braces (`{ }`).
- Using `===` instead `==`
- Using four spaces to indent
  - The `index.ts` is generated by electron forge template, which is two spaces.
- Use ES import instead of `require`
- Most naming should be camelCase
- Class and react component should be PascalCase
- No namespace
- Use react hooks instead ES class components
- Use inline export default if can
- No `eval` and `new Function()`
- No curly braces and braces around the params if can

### Git commit message
All commit message should follow the angular specification, which is:
```text
subject(scope): short description

long description

footer
```
Please google it by your own if you do not know.
